# cse-535-weather-wallpaper
Welcome! 
There are lot of context aware, mobile applications in the market which work on weather. The purpose of most of these applications is to give information about current weatherand also for upcoming days. Most of these applications deliver lot of information like temperature, humidity, precipitation Etcetera, and some times this information could be overwhelming. Most people intend to use weather applications only for knowingthe climate (weather conditions)and not the values like tempera-ture, humidity or precipitation. Through this project, we intend to provide the user with the current climate without even opening the application. We tried to achieve this task throughthe display of wallpaper (of the device). This project changes the wallpaper of the device based on the current climate of the place every few minutes or based on user preference.

In this project we implemented Weather Wallpaper, a con-text aware, mobile application which uses its current location to  retrieve  the  information  about  current  climatic  conditionsand uses the information to download and display a wallpaper matching the same. There are mobile applications which work on weather conditions and also applications which work with wallpapers.  Ours  try  to  mix  the  both  features  and  present  it. This application can be further extended by adding the some tasks  mentioned  below.  currently,  we  download  and  display images related to only the present location, one can extend it toinclude images from different nearby sites. The application can also be extended to also include and display information about the current location (like historic importance, nearby places).
